# [The Grid Search]
by PRASHANTB1984

**Difficulty**: Moderate

## Problem Statement

Given a 2D array of digits, try to find the occurrence of a given 2D pattern
of digits. For example, consider the following 2D matrix:

<pre>
1234567890
09**87654**321
11**11111**111
11**11111**111
2222222222
</pre>

Assume we need to look for the following 2D pattern:

<pre>
876543
111111
111111
</pre>

If we scan through the original array, we observe that the 2D pattern begins
at the second row and the third column of the larger grid (the 8 in the second
row and third column of the larger grid is the top-left corner of the pattern
we are searching for).

So, a 2D pattern of `P` digits is said to be present in a larger grid `G`, if
the latter contains a contiguous, rectangular 2D grid of digits matching with
the pattern `P`, similar to the example shown above.

## Input Format

The first line contains an integer, `T`, which is the number of test cases.
`T` test cases follow, each having a structure as described below:

The first line contains two space-separated integers, `R` and `C`, indicating
the number of rows and columns in the grid `G`, respectively.

This is followed by `R` lines, each with a string of `C` digits, which
represent the grid `G`.

The following line contains two space-separated integers, `r` and `c`,
indicating the number of rows and columns in the pattern grid `P`.

This is followed by `r`  lines, each with a string of `c` digits, which
represent the pattern `P`.

## Constraints

* 1 &le; `T` &le; 5
* 1 &le; `R,r,C,c` &le; 1000
* 1 &le; `r` &le; `R`
* 1 &le; `c` &le; `C`

## Test Case Generation

Each individual test case has been generated by first specifying the size
(`R` and `C`) of the large 2D matrix, and then randomly generating the digits
in it. A limited number of digits in the larger matrix may be changed by the
problem setter (no more than 5% of the total number of digits in the matrix).
So the larger 2D matrix is almost-random. The pattern matrix has been
manually-curated by the problem setter.

## Output Format 

Display 'YES' or 'NO', depending on whether (or not) you find that the larger
grid `G` contains the rectangular pattern `P`. The evaluation will be case
sensitive.

## Sample Input

```
2
10 10
7283455864
6731158619
8988242643
3830589324
2229505813
5633845374
6473530293
7053106601
0834282956
4607924137
3 4
9505
3845
3530
15 15
400453592126560
114213133098692
474386082879648
522356951189169
887109450487496
252802633388782
502771484966748
075975207693780
511799789562806
404007454272504
549043809916080
962410809534811
445893523733475
768705303214174
650629270887160
2 2
99
99
```

## Sample Output

```
YES
NO
```

## Explanation

The first test in the input file is:

```
10 10
7283455864
6731158619
8988242643
3830589324
2229505813
5633845374
6473530293
7053106601
0834282956
4607924137
3 4
9505
3845
3530
```

As one may see, the given 2D grid is indeed present in the larger grid, as
marked in bold below.

<pre>
7283455864
6731158619
8988242643
3830589324
222**950**5813
563**384**5374
647**353**0293
7053106601
0834282956
4607924137
</pre>

The second test in the input file is:

```
15 15
400453592126560
114213133098692
474386082879648
522356951189169
887109450487496
252802633388782
502771484966748
075975207693780
511799789562806
404007454272504
549043809916080
962410809534811
445893523733475
768705303214174
650629270887160
2 2
99
99
```

The search pattern is:

```
99
99
```

This cannot be found in the larger grid.

[The Grid Search]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-grid-search
